[Autogenerated] machine learning frameworks and infrastructure.
Now to the foundational layer,
this layer is for the machine learning practitioners who really
want to get into the nitty gritty details,
using different frameworks and having more control of the
underlying infrastructure for frameworks.
There are many out there, and Amazon supports tensor flow.
Mxnet and pytorch Tensorflow was created by Google.
It's very popular today and has good community support for languages.
We have support for python C++ and are mxnet came from Apache.
It also supports multiple languages, including python.
C++ are Julia Perl and more, and Facebook gave us pytorch,
and it's grown in popularity in recent years.
This is a python library,
and it's really favored for its flexibility and speed and then for interfaces.
We have glue on,
and care is the frameworks we saw a minute ago were built more for developers.
But these interfaces are built more for researchers
and other non developer types.
They're basically an interface,
or API to the frameworks we just talked about glue On was a joint
venture between AWS and Microsoft and works with Mxnet and then
caress created by Francoise Chalet, currently with Google Works on tensorflow.
These infrastructure bucket here when you're using Sage maker.
Most of this is abstracted away from you,
but if you're working in the lower layer of the stack,
you have more control of your instances and containers.
There are many easy to instances that are optimized
for machine learning these days.
Inferential.
That second icon over is a chip designed to speed up the inference process.
And then containers, as you've seen,
are used for training and inference with the model.
Elastic inference is away to lower the cost of your inference by
attaching GPU powered acceleration to those instances.
And I won't get into too many details here about green grass.
But just know that this is used for running i o T devices
such as cameras or sensors in the field.
Green Grass allows these devices to act locally with
the data they capture locally.
And this is important,
especially if your devices aren't always connected to the Internet.
But of course,
they can still published data to the cloud for storage and analytics at a later point